Clarify which SQS permission is needed (#1073)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.9/scalers/aws-sqs.md

- `awsRoleArn` - Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) uniquely identify AWS resource.

The role will need the `sqs:GetQueueAttributes` permission on the target queue(s).

**Credential based authentication:**

- `awsAccessKeyID` - Id of the user.
- `awsSecretAccessKey` - Access key for the user to authenticate with.
- `awsSessionToken` - Session token, only required when using [temporary credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp_use-resources.html).

> The user will need the `sqs:GetQueueAttributes` permission on the target queue(s).

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
The user will need read permissions (`sqs:GetQueueAttributes`) on the target queue(s) in AWS SQS.
```
